[ET-1055] Added a filter for attendee CSV export delimiter. (#1973)
the-events-calendar/event-tickets: readme.txt

== Changelog ==

= [TBD] TBD =

> * Tweak - A new `tribe_events_attendees_csv_export_delimiter` filter was introduced to help change the delimiter when creating a CSV export of attendees. [GTRIA-508]

Reviewer: We have to revisit the ticket ID once we define in which version we're releasing this. Normally when it goes from triage to a release, the ticket ID changes.

> * Tweak - A new `tribe_events_attendees_csv_export_delimiter` filter was introduced to help change the delimiter when creating a CSV export of attendees. [GTRIA-508]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Tweak - A new `tribe_tickets_attendees_csv_export_delimiter` filter was introduced to help change the delimiter when creating a CSV export of attendees. [ET-1055]
```

= [5.1.3] TBD =

> * Tweak - A new `tribe_tickets_attendees_csv_export_delimiter` filter was introduced to help change the delimiter when creating a CSV export of attendees. [ET-1055]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Tweak - Added the new `tribe_tickets_attendees_csv_export_delimiter` filter to allow changing the delimiter used when generating a CSV export of attendees. [ET-1055]
```
